README.md, before:

# **Currency Utilities**

![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/NishantChauhan/CurrencyUtilities/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg?branch=develop) ![Continuous Deployment](https://github.com/NishantChauhan/CurrencyUtilities/workflows/Continuous%20Deployment/badge.svg)

 There are many sites to get daily conversion rates. None of them catered to my specific requirements. Hence, I developed this app to get conversion rates that I need at click of a button. The app uses [Foreign exchange rates API](https://exchangeratesapi.io/) for daily exchanges rates based on rates provided by [European Central Bank](https://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/policy_and_exchange_rates/euro_reference_exchange_rates/html/index.en.html)

---

## **Features**

1. Home page has currency convertor card preloaded with CAD to INR currency loaded with 1 as default source amount
2. You can toggle 'From' and 'To' currencies easily. The amounts swap themselves when currencies are swapped toggled.

<center>
<img src="https://github.com/NishantChauhan/CurrencyUtilities/blob/ca521e75d8040d4f6ca511a885b941c1921019a9/documentation/gifs/ConvertorPage.gif?raw=true">
</center>

Commit message:

Updated document and styling
  * Changes
    1) Added vercel and heroku deployment
    2) Changed styling from px to em

README.md, after:

# **Currency Utilities**

![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/NishantChauhan/CurrencyUtilities/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg?branch=develop) ![Continuous Deployment](https://github.com/NishantChauhan/CurrencyUtilities/workflows/Continuous%20Deployment/badge.svg)


App can be accessed on following two platforms  
  1. [Heroku Deployment](https://currency-utility-app.herokuapp.com/currency-convertor)  
  * This deployment is integrated with the [Currency Utilities Server](https://github.com/NishantChauhan/CurrencyUtilitiesServer) Springboot project  
  2. [Vercel](https://currency-utilities.now.sh/currency-convertor)  
  * This deployment is a standalone static website  

 There are many sites to get daily conversion rates. None of them catered to my specific requirements. Hence, I developed this app to get conversion rates that I need at click of a button. The app uses [Foreign exchange rates API](https://exchangeratesapi.io/) for daily exchanges rates based on rates provided by [European Central Bank](https://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/policy_and_exchange_rates/euro_reference_exchange_rates/html/index.en.html)

---

## **Features**

1. Home page has currency convertor card preloaded with CAD to INR currency loaded with 1 as default source amount
2. You can toggle 'From' and 'To' currencies easily. The amounts swap themselves when currencies are swapped toggled.

<center>
<img src="https://github.com/NishantChauhan/CurrencyUtilities/blob/ca521e75d8040d4f6ca511a885b941c1921019a9/documentation/gifs/ConvertorPage.gif?raw=true">
</center>
